In this lab we're going to set up an S3 bucket and configure it as a static Web site.
And then we're going to enable a CloudFront distribution so that we can access the content in the static
Web site.
One of the other things we want to do is and this is a situation that you might find quite regularly.
You want your users to be able to access your content free CloudFront but then you might not necessarily
want them to be able to also access it through the S3 bucket.
Now typically when you configure an S3 bucket as a static web site you'll enable public access.
So that means you could theoretically have users connect saying it straight to your free bucket.
So what we're going to do instead is we're going to set up a bucket policy that only allows the cloud
front distribution to connect to the static web site and there's some authentication using what's called
an origin access identity which is a type of user which you can create on CloudFront.
So that secures our content to make sure that it only comes free CloudFront now sometimes creating
CloudFront distributions can take quite some time.
It can be anything from sort of 10 or 15 minutes to even longer than an hour.
So what I've done is I've actually set up this beforehand.
However I don't want it to look like I'm cheating so I'm going to actually go through and show you step
by step how we can do this right from the very beginning.
But we already have a configuration up running as well which we'll go over and I'll walk you through
all the settings that I've configured so let's head over to the console
and the first thing we need to do is head over to S3 you'll remember that we actually created a
dctlab.com domain name and a hosted zone in route 53.
Now what I want to do for this lab is I want to be able to access my CloudFront distribution using my
own domain name.
And so there's a couple of things I need to do firstly for the static web site you need to have your
bucket the same name as your actual domain name.
So if your your domain name is example.co.uk then your bucket needs to be example.co.uk.
I've got dctlabs.com.
So what I've done is I've created my bucket and then I've uploaded the index.html file and error
.html.
Now these will be in the course downloads but really for the index.html you can just create a
text file add some text in it like "this is my S3 static web site" and then just save it as .html
and just upload that and that will be fine.
I think my error.html probably just says error or something silly like that.
Very very basic.
You don't need anything to be in there really but you do need these documents for your static Web site.
I've then got a couple of images and this is just so that we can show the caching functionality of cloud
front.
The other thing you'll notice here is I have a folder and what I've got in here is some log files and
we'll go over these later and I'll show you how you set up the logging as well.
So in terms of the way this bucket is set up we need to switch off this block all public access and
we've actually got a bucket policy here and this will be generated by CloudFront.
And then under properties I've enabled static web site hosting.
So let's go back and let's just create a bucket so I can show you step by step and let's just say we
call this Neal CloudFront 2019.
Hopefully that's going to be available
and it is.
So you would then go in.
You can go to permissions to block public access and click on Save and you'll have to hit confirm
in their use then to get this working you'll need to then go into public access and just enable list
objects and we can then go back and upload our files.
So what I want is to just upload the error and the index file should apply for those together let's just
do that again.
So I need to get the index upload that file and then at a minimum I need to just go in and enable public
access on this so we can remove this later.
But this is just to get it working initially so we can see that it works.
So the next thing I can then go in and do is enable static website hosting and we just choose use this
bucket to host a Web site and then we put an index.html and error.html and click on Save and
then we can grab this U.R.L. and let's just see if we can access our bucket.
So sure enough that's my index.html file.
So that was enough to set it up.
Now remember all I used here was the name of the bucket.
If you want to be had to use a custom domain name you'd also need to put your .com or whatever suffix
on the end as well.
So that's how to set up your bucket.
Now let's go over to CloudFront and you can find CloudFront under networking and content delivery so you
can see here that I already have a distribution and let's just go back to the diagrams from earlier.
You'll remember that a distribution is the way you set up and configure CloudFront and you have web
and RTMP distributions and then your origins are your buckets.
So in our case we've got a static web site bucket which is where our images are going to be served from
and a distribution is how we connect and configure the connection between CloudFront and the origin.
So if we head back here we will create a new one.
I just want to in fact now we'll do that first.
Let's create a new distribution just so you can see the settings so this is where you choose between
Web or RTMP.
And here you can put in your your domain name.
So for instance I can choose that new bucket that we just created.
Neal CloudFront test then you can choose a path within that bucket.
For instance if you had a directory you might have you know your images slash in there but we don't
need that for now and you can then choose restrict bucket access.
And this is important so this is what we've done on our existing distribution.
I'll show you the setting shortly.
Restricting bucket access means that you force users to connect to a CloudFront and stop them from
being able to connect to your S3 bucket directly and you can use an existing access or identity or create
a new one.
So again the origin access identity is essentially a user that's created within CloudFront and you
then restrict access to that identity.
So CloudFront let's just go back to the diagram.
So CloudFront has a user and this and it has its own sort of credentials.
And that user is allowed in the bucket policy to then access the website.
So you can't come from any other way.
It's very important and I'm going over this a few times just because this does pop up on the exam quite
a lot.
And what we can do here is click Grant S3 permissions on bucket.
Yes and the bucket policy will be updated for us.
Now remember we didn't actually have a bucket policy so it's just going to create one for us.
You can then choose custom headers you can choose whether to allow HTTP and HTTPS whether to redirect
to HTTPS, or just use HTTPS only, and just you know reject any HTTP requests you can select the methods
that are allowed.
We'll talk about field level encryption a bit later that's another option.
And you can then specify different values for object caching.
So this is your time to live minimum, maximum and default and you can then choose to forward cookies
or whitelist the certain cookies that you want to allow you can configure query string forwarding and
caching again choosing a white list if you like or one of these settings you can then choose to restrict
Viewer Access.
And if you do this you're actually restricting users to using CloudFront signed
URLs so now not only are you stopping users from connecting directly to your origin but you can
now ensure that they can only access your content using signed URLs or signed cookies.
So we just disable that for now and we'll talk about Lambda function associations later this is about
Lambda Edge and then you can choose your price class and what this does is it controls where your content
is distributed to.
So let's go back to this diagram.
So you remember that we've got the regional edge caches and the edge locations and these are all over
the world.
There's hundreds of them.
I think I've got this diagram open as well.
So these are where they are now.
Key thing to point out is these are not related to the AWS regions.
They might be in an AWS region but they're not related.
So they could be completely separate locations they might not be near or in an AWS datacenter at all.
So they are not part of your region or your availability zone.
They're just within a certain geographical area.
So what you can do here is you can limit that geographical area.
You can say all or you know best performance obviously means it's gonna be the best performance if you
have a global user base but if your user base is in U.S. Canada and Europe then you probably want to select
that instead.
I'll just leave it on the default.
You could connect to web application firewall web ACL and you can choose alternate domain names and
we've done this on our other distribution.
So you know I would put in dctlabs.com and then I could choose this certificate and I can choose
my certificate.
I'm just gonna leave this as default and you get a CloudFront certificate.
And here we can choose our default route objects.
So in our case we've got indexed or hasty email.
And then you can choose to enable logging.
I'll leave this off but I'll show you the logs I enabled on my upper distribution.
So I show you the logs and we then just click Create distribution and it's just warning me that I can't
have I can't put in this domain name without verifying that I own it.
Now if I'd selected the certificate which I have verified I have verified ownership of DCT labs dot
com when I created the certificate.
So it would actually allow me but we're not doing that now anyway so I'll just put that back to default
and click on Create distribution.
So we're back on distributions now and you can see that this one is in progress and that can take quite
a while.
Bearing in mind this is going to cache your content and distribute it quite widely so have a think about
how many of these you actually create.
I would be a little bit cautious about how much data you upload.
Have a look into the pricing you do get charged for data out from your CloudFront distribution so the
data that users pull and then you do get charged for data transfer between CloudFront and your origin
and then there's also charges for the amount of requests.
So have a look.
I think if you just keep it the labs fairly sure and delete your distributions afterwards you should
be able to not pay any money and just get it within the freezer.
So let's have a look now at our distribution here.
So if I go into distribution settings and this is the one I created earlier and you can see I've enabled
a log prefix so I created a prefix which means that my logs are going to go into a folder within my
bucket.
We've configured this alternate domain name and you can also see that I've configured my certificate
here as well.
We can go in and click at it and we can see that configuration I choose I chose the SSL certificate
I've got my default route document I've chosen my bucket for the logs which is the same log the same
bucket as my static web site is running it but I've got a prefix so that the logs go in to see if logs
and that sort of enabled distribution.
So that's all looking good.
If we then go to origins and origin groups you can see here that you can have multiple origins.
So let's just go back to this diagram and you can see hey I've got a distribution and I'll have multiple
origins coming off it.
And then with this other one I've just got one origin coming off of it.
So the way this works is you can credit after origin so let's just let's just choose one of these other
buckets that I've got and I'm just going to click Create.
So I've got this DCT images bucket and I've now got two origins.
So what I could do is for instance if I wanted to make sure that certain traffic went to this origin
rather than this one then I use the behaviors and I credit behaviour and he can say I was playing around
I did this earlier.
So I've already got this behaviour let's just delete that out and we'll create it again.
Not that there's anything really complex to it anyway.
You let just come in and you say what's the path pattern.
So I could say images slash star.
So what happens now is that anything that's got this in the URL is going to be redirected to the origin
that we specify.
So you can choose your origins here.
So I want this images requests to go to my images bucket and what you can do also with the behaviors
you can change lots of these settings so you can go through and you can change the T ls in the object
caching and various parameters and then you just click Create.
So we now have two origins and we have a path pattern to direct some of the traffic there.
You then go options around error pages geo restrictions so for instance you can enable geo restrictions
and then you can choose to white list or blacklist.
So if you wait list then you basically say well you know I'm in Australia so I want to make sure that
I can access this bucket or I can access this cloud for distribution.
So if I choose to whitelist Australia that means people who are located in Australia can access this
CloudFront distribution or the content within this CloudFront distribution.
If I choose blacklist it now means that everyone except Australia can.
So you're now choosing the countries you don't want to be able to access it.
So those are a couple of ways you can restrict access to your content based on the location of users.
Another thing you can do with your content is invalidate your content.
So what you do is you create an invalidation and then you can provide a path to your objects that you
want to invalidate.
You get charged extra for this and it can take a little bit of time to do it.
But what it means is if your if for some reason you need to take something out of the cache because
you've updated it and you really need to get the updated objects out you might have to come in and invalidate
your objects.
So the other thing I've done to make my lab work is I've gone into Route 53 and within my hosted
zone for dctlabs.com I've created a record and that's an alias record that points to the cloud
front distribution.
So what you'd find is if you just go into alias targets you should see your S3 Website endpoint.
But what we actually want to connect to is dctlabscom.
So I've already created that record which means we should now be able to connect to dctlabscom
and it's the same message that I've also got some of those image files.
So I've got for instance CloudFront.JPEG and that just brings up a JPEG image.
And I've got S3.jpg and another image so that all works great.
Now let's go back to our S3 bucket and what I want to do here is I just want to take the path to
my index file and I'm going to put that into my browser and I get an access denied message.
And that's exactly what I expected.
So if I go back to the bucket permissions bucket policy.
This is the policy that was created by CloudFront and you can see we have a principle and the principle
is specified as CloudFront user CloudFront origin access identity and then it's got some code and that
user is allowed to get objects in dctlabs.com slash the if we just head up and go to our other
folder that we created earlier and go to bucket policy hey you can see we've got the same thing and
that's because we enable that option for CloudFront to automatically update our bucket policy.
One thing to bear in mind is that if you already have a bucket policy for instance if you have a bucket
policy that allows public access what will happen is the CloudFront policy will be added as another
aside.
So you'll have already two with the CloudFront policy and you'll still have your original bucket policy
in there.
So anonymous access will still be allowed and if that's the case you might have to come in and sort
of you know delete out the bits that you don't need.
So that's really it for now.
What we've done is we've created a three bucket configured as a static Web site.
We've collected a CloudFront distribution and that CloudFront distribution has been configured with
Origin access identity and it's been also configured to automatically update a bucket policy such that
only CloudFront can now talk to your S3 bucket and access the content.
So that's very simple that's how it all works.
Now what we need to do just to clean up this lab because we'll be creating some new distributions in
the next lab we can come back.
Obviously you can go in and delete your buckets you know how to do that.
And then from CloudFrons we just need to go in and we have to disable our distributions so go in and
click disable
and you'll notice that we had an in progress there and that's just because we've made a couple of changes.
So any changes you might you'll see that it takes a while to actually you know put those changes fully
out into the world into the various points of presence.
So you click on disable and you've got to wait until these full are fully disabled and then you'll be
able to delete your distributions.
So don't forget to come back because it might take 15 minutes or so for these to complete and at that
point you can then go and delete your distribution.